hey what is up I'm Ethan your real-life
English fluency coach and I'm back with
a hilarious lesson from friends this
week Joey gets a very special kiss and I
also have a special present for you guys
I'm going to tell you more about that in
a little bit but if you're anxious to
get your hands on it it accompanies this
lesson and you can download it by
clicking up here or down in the
description box below so let's jump into
this fun lesson incredible I met the
director this time and you will never
believe who it was whoa all right I'll
give you one hint Warren Beatty
yeah there's just one thing that might
be kind of a problem see I had to kiss
this guy because he was just so darn
cute no as part of the audition see I'm
up for the part of this guy who the main
guy kisses well hey you're an actor I
say you just suck it up and you do it or
you just do it
I did do it I'm a professional then
what's the problem
see after the scene mr. Beatty comes up
to me and he says good actor
bad kisser can you believe that me not a
good kisser that's like like Mother
Teresa not a good mother come on who
cares what that guy thinks you know what
does Warren Beatty know about kissing oh
hey what drag him say yep
this kiss thing is definitely a problem
mr. Beatty wants to see it again on
Monday man I gotta figure out what I'm
doing wrong oh okay
what do you girls come over here and
kiss me come on I need your help here
all right I'll do it
I've kissed him before I can do it again
see this huh this is a friend uh-huh
let's go okay
[Music]
good very good firm but I'd recommend
you to a friend then I don't know what
it is what's the problem you know maybe
you're just not used to kissing men you
know maybe you just tensed up a little
bit maybe that's what you need to work
on yeah that makes sense over my dead
body I'll be using his dead body as a
shield come on Chandler I want this part
so much just one kiss I won't tell me
Joey no means no
I'm sorry we don't have your sheep
all rich I think you look cute huh and
you huh you you like it eat with a spoon
get away from me
richard buzz he's waiting downstairs Oh
Richards here you should run down say
goodbye Don all right I've been feeling
incredibly guilty about this because I
want to be a good friend and damn it I
am a good friend so just just shut up
and close your eyes well a good friend
of course the audition was this morning
and I didn't get it but that was a hell
for kids rachel is a very lucky girl
[Music]
audition a test performance or interview
for an actor or other performer trying
to demonstrate their skills all right
I'll give you one hint Warren Beatty
I'll give you one hint a small piece of
information that helps you guess an
answer or do something more easily for
example I can't figure out the correct
answer give me a hint
the humor here is that instead of giving
them a real hint for them to guess he
tells them that answer right away
also if you hint something you say it in
an indirect way example he hinted at me
that I should not be friends with that
guy Warren Beatty a famous actor
director who has been nominated for 14
Academy Awards I had to kiss this guy
because he was just so darn cute darn
this is an inoffensive alternative to
dam which in itself is a bad word but
not extremely vulgar just like this word
darn is used to intensify the meaning of
an adjective example this game is darn
difficult know as part of the audition
see I'm up for the part of this guy who
the main guy kisses to be up for a
position to be seriously considered and
available for a particular job or
opportunity example the president is up
for re-election next year a part a part
or role is the character an actor will
play well hey you're an actor I say you
just suck it up and you do it suck it up
to accept a difficult situation and not
complain about it example I really don't
feel like staying for the test this
weekend but I better suck it up and do
if I don't want to fail the class see
after the scene mr. Beatty comes up to
me and he says good active bad kisser
see you
besides this most obvious meaning this
verb is commonly used as a discourse
marker to help the other person see your
perspective example see if we don't buy
the ticket now the price will go up come
up to someone to approach and say
something to someone you can also say to
walk up to someone example I saw him
come up to Lindsey and asked her to
dance example I felt like walked up to
my boss and told him I quit come on who
cares what that guy thinks you know what
does Warren Beatty know about kissing
what is Warren Beatty know about kissing
Phoebe maybe being sarcastic here or
simply ignoring the fact that in 1992
Warren Beatty along with Annette Bening
were nominated for Best Kiss an award
given by MTV the kiss is from the movie
Bugsy a movie for which he was also
nominated for an Academy Award
what Drakensang hey what drapes I'm
saying yep this kiss thing is definitely
a problem mr. Beatty wants to see it
again on Monday this kiss thing we have
to refer to a situation or activity by
saying thing after it example the whole
yoga meditation thing has changed him
hey again do you want to learn even more
with this lesson we'll remember to go
and download your free PDF power lesson
you can print it out or download it on
your phone and learn with it wherever it
is full of pronunciation cultural notes
and all the vocabulary from this lesson
you do not want to miss that and when
you get it we will even enroll you in
our free three-part mini course with the
funniest ever seen from friends and you
will not find these videos here on
YouTube so learn more about that and
download now by clicking right up here
above me or down in the description box
below alright let's jump back into the
lesson and I gotta figure out what I'm
doing wrong figure out to find a
solution for something or develop an
understanding of something example I
can't figure out how to fix my computer
and I'll do it I've kissed him before I
can do it again
all right I'll do it I've kissed him
before I can do it again
uh-huh let's go let's go sides usual
meaning we can also use this to say
let's do it
good very good firm but I'd recommend
you to a friend tender gentle mild or
light not rough or heavy example a
tender touch this is also used to
describe food that is soft and easy to
chew you know maybe you're just not used
to kissing men you know maybe you just
tensed up a little bit to tense up or to
be tensed up to become nervous anxious
or uneasy example he tensed up when he
saw his ex enter the room maybe that's
what you need to work on work on
something to actively try to improve
something example bill needs to work on
his manners yeah that made sense make
sense to be reasonable or logical
example his explanation doesn't make
sense over my dead body
over my dead body strong way to express
that you don't allow something or that
you often will never accept something
example over my dead body I'll let him
get away with stealing money from my mom
shield shield a piece of metal or other
material used to protect its user from a
particular danger I'm sorry we don't
have your sheep we don't have your sheep
besides mocking Rachel for the color of
the dress Chandler also makes fun of her
by implying she looks like Little Bo
Peep which is a character from a famous
children's nursery rhyme - buzz - press
the buzzer to signal something or to
announce yourself at the door of a
building I should run down say goodbye -
should run down say goodbye Don I've
been feeling incredibly guilty about
this because I want to be a good friend
and dammit I am a good friend so just
just shut up and close your eyes to feel
guilty to feel regret or blame for
something that you have done also to
have a heavy conscience example I feel
guilty for forgetting about her birthday
damn it said to express irritation anger
or when something doesn't go your way
example dammit I lost again as we
covered earlier darn is an inoffensive
alternative to damn we can also say darn
it instead of damn it but that was a
hell of a kiss a helluva used to
intensify how good something is example
that was a hell of a game incredible I
met the director this time and you will
never believe who it was whoa
alright I'll give you one hint Warren
Beatty
yeah there's just one thing that might
be kind of a problem see I had to kiss
this guy because he was just so darn
cute no as part of the audition see I'm
up for the part of this guy who the main
guy kisses well hey you're an actor I
say you just suck it up and you do it or
you just do it I did do it I'm a
professional then what's the problem
see after the scene mr. Beatty comes up
to me and he says good actor bad kisser
can you believe that me not a good
kisser that's like like Mother Teresa
not a good mother come on who cares what
that guy thinks you know what does
Warren Beatty know about kissing hey
what drag him say yep this kiss thing is
definitely a problem mr. Beatty wants to
see it again on Monday man I gotta
figure out what I'm doing wrong oh okay
one of you girls come over here and kiss
me
come on I need your help here alright
I'll do it
I've kissed him before I can do it again
see this huh this is a friend uh-huh
let's go okay good very good firm but
I'd recommend you to a friend then I
don't know what it is what's the problem
you know maybe you're just not used to
kissing men you know maybe you just
tensed up a little bit maybe that's what
you need to work on yeah that made sense
over my dead body
and I'll be using his dead body as a
shield
come on Chandler I want this part so
much just one kiss I'm gonna tell me
Joey
no means no
I'm sorry we don't have your sheep
all rich I think you look cute huh and
you huh you do you like it eat with a
spoon you know what for me
Richard Buzzy's waiting downstairs Oh
Richards here I should run down say
goodbye Don all right I've been feeling
incredibly guilty about this because I
want to be a good friend and damn it I
am a good friend so just just shut up
and close your eyes
well good friends
what's the audition was this morning and
I didn't get it but that was a hell of a
kids rachel is a very lucky girl oh yeah
isn't learning English so much better
when you use fun scenes like this one
from friends instead of boring grammar
textbooks right and I wanted to remind
you to go and download the free PDF
power lesson so you can learn even more
and join thousands in our free
three-part min course TV's nutty
boyfriend you can do that by clicking in
the description box down below or just
click here you can also subscribe to our
channel get the newest lessons every
single week sent right to your inbox and
you can learn even more with friends by
clicking over here all right thanks so
much and now go out there and kick ass
with your English oh yeah